Welcome to the SPWaW war cabinet, release 0.7.0.

Copyright (C) 2005-2018 Erik Cumps erik.cumps@gmail.com

License: GPL V2.

# Release information

## IMPORTANT NOTE!

With the improved unit detection fix for issue #4, the list of units detected by
Warcab version 0.6.1 and older can be different from the list of units detected
by this version of Warcab. This means in fact that the dossier files created by
version 0.6.1 and older are no longer compatible with and cannot be loaded by
this release.

## This releases adds the following new feature:

* Standalone battle dossiers:
    Warcab now also supports recording and tracking turns from standalone
    battles from scenarios.

## This release adds the following improvements:

* Per-battle OOB data support:
    It is now possible to track campaigns even when the OOB data changes, for
    example when SPWaW is updated. Instead of tracking a single OOB data set for
    the entire campaign (and getting an error when trying to add savegames using
    a newer OOB), Warcab now tracks an OOB data set for each battle separately.

* Attempts to load/add all selected savegames:
    When loading/adding multiple savegames, Warcab will now attempt to process
    all savegames, instead of stopping when it encounters a savegame with an
    error.

## This release has the following fixes:

* Unit/formation detection improvements:
    The support for scenario-based savegames required many improvements to the
    detection of units, formations, unit types, abandonment status and force
    leader.

* Unprintable characters in savegame comment:
    Unprintable characters in savegame comments are no longer shown.

* Empty battle location in savegame:
    Empty battle locations in savegames are now called "unknown location".

* Other:
    Some dialog box improvements and some new icons.

# Installation

To install: extract the zip file in a folder of your choice. A new warcab folder will be created there.

**The application is standalone and can simply be run from inside this folder.**

## Release files

This release contains the following files:

| filename | description |
| --- | --- |
| warcab_0.7.0.zip | The release build. |
| releasereport_warcab_0.7.0.zip.html | An abbreviated FileAlyzer report that can be used to verify the warcab_0.7.0.zip file integrity. |
| warcab_0.7.0_debug.zip | The debug build, featuring debug logging and memory management tracking. |
| releasereport_warcab_0.7.0_debug.zip.html | An abbreviated FileAlyzer report that can be used to verify the warcab_0.7.0_debug.zip file integrity. |

# Content

This installation provides the following tools:

## warcab.exe

  Warcab is a tool to record and track battles in an SPWaW campaign, or to record and track turns in standalone battles from scenarios. It is inspired by Campaign Watcher.

  Warcab tracks information for core units (including reassignments) during a campaign. It also shows and tracks information for core, auxiliary and opponent units during battles and battle turns.

  Its current main missing features are data export and printing.

  Demo warcab campaign and standalone dossiers have been included in the "save" folder of this release. 

## spwreport.exe

  The spwreport tool generates SPWaW savegame reports.

  It can also generate a CSV dump of the SPWaW OOB file content.

## spwdecompose.exe

  The spwdecompose tool extracts the uncompressed section data of a SPWaW savegame, allowing easy inspection and modification.

## spwreconstruct.exe

  The spwreconstruct tool reconstucts a SPWaW savegame from a set of uncompressed data sections (as generated by spwdecompose),
