Welcome to the SPWaW war cabinet, release 0.8.1.

Copyright (C) 2005-2020 Erik Cumps erik.cumps@gmail.com

License: GPL V2.

# Release information

## IMPORTANT NOTE!

The list of units detected by Warcab version 0.6.1 and older can be different
from the list of units detected by this version of Warcab. This means in fact
that the dossier files created by version 0.6.1 and older are no longer
compatible with and cannot be loaded by this release.

## This releases adds the following new feature:

* New feature - German Cross Flag
    This new preference can be selected if you do not want War Cabinet to
    display the historic German Flag from WWII for personal reasons or to
    satisfy the requirements of German Law.

## This release adds the following improvements:

* Improvement - report actual turn battle losses
    List the actual losses during the turn, instead of all losses up to the
    turn.

## This release has the following fixes:

* Fixed issue #10:
    Save on exit does not save.

* Fixed issue #11:
    Be robust against formation or unit count mismatches during battle.

* Fix - fixed crash
    Crash caused by incorrect formation detection handling.

# Installation

To install: extract the zip file in a folder of your choice. A new warcab folder will be created there.

**The application is standalone and can simply be run from inside this folder.**

## Release files

This release contains the following files:

| filename | description |
| --- | --- |
| warcab_0.8.1.zip | The release build. |
| releasereport_warcab_0.8.1.zip.html | An abbreviated FileAlyzer report that can be used to verify the warcab_0.8.1.zip file integrity. |
| warcab_0.8.1_debug.zip | The debug build, featuring debug logging and memory management tracking. |
| releasereport_warcab_0.8.1_debug.zip.html | An abbreviated FileAlyzer report that can be used to verify the warcab_0.8.1_debug.zip file integrity. |

# Content

This installation provides the following tools:

## warcab.exe

  Warcab is a tool to record and track battles in SP:WaW and winSPWW2 campaigns, or to record and track turns in standalone battles from scenarios. It is inspired by Campaign Watcher.

  Warcab tracks information for core units (including reassignments) during a campaign. It also shows and tracks information for core, auxiliary and opponent units during battles and battle turns.

  Its current main missing features are data export and printing.

  Demo warcab campaign and standalone dossiers have been included in the "save" folder of this release.

## spwreport.exe

  The spwreport tool generates SP:WaW or winSPWW2 savegame reports.

  It can also generate a CSV dump of the SPWaW OOB file content.

## spwdecompose.exe

  The spwdecompose tool extracts the uncompressed section data of a SPWaW or winSPWW2 savegame, allowing easy inspection and modification.

## spwreconstruct.exe

  The spwreconstruct tool reconstucts a SPWaW or winSPWW2 savegame from a set of uncompressed data sections (as generated by spwdecompose),
