Welcome to the SPWaW war cabinet, release 0.8.2.

Copyright (C) 2005-2021 Erik Cumps erik.cumps@gmail.com

License: GPL V2.

# Release information

## IMPORTANT NOTE!

The list of units detected by Warcab version 0.6.1 and older can be different
from the list of units detected by this version of Warcab. This means in fact
that the dossier files created by version 0.6.1 and older are no longer
compatible with and cannot be loaded by this release.

## This releases adds the following new features:

* New feature - SP:WaW Mega Campaign support
    It is now possible to track Mega Campaign savegames. Adding a Mega
    Campaign savegame to a new, empty, dossier will allow War Cabinet to
    track this file and the savegame will be automatically added to the
    dossier whenever it changes.
        + Note: for this tracking to be effective, War Cabinet needs to be
	  running in the background while playing the Mega Campaign
        + Note: due to the nature of Mega Campaign gameplay, War Cabinet
	  does not allow battle and/or turn deletions from a Mega Campaign
	  dossier.

* New feature - read-only mode
    War Cabinet tracks the original savegame folder used with a dossier.
    When a dossier is loaded for which the original savegame folder can no
    longer be found, the dossier will be opened in read-only mode and it
    will not be possible to make any additions or deletions to it. 

## This release adds the following improvements:

* Improvement - simplified game configuration
    The game configuration in the preferences has been simplified. Only the
    game folder must be configured, it is no longer necessary to configure
    both the OOB and the savegames folders separately.

* Improvement - improved game configuration
    The game configuration in the preferences has been improved. War Cabinet
    now supports up to four different game configurations, each consisting
    of a game type and a game folder. The configurations also have a name
    for easier reference in the New dossier dialog box. Previously, War
    Cabinet only supported a single game configuration for an SP:WaW game
    and a single game configuration for a winSPWW2 game.

* Improvement - require dossier file overwrite confirmation
    If you use the same name as an existing dossier file while saving a
    dossier, you will be prompted to confirm overwriting the existing
    dossier. 

## This release has the following fixes:

* Fix - incorrect winSPWW2 battle losses reporting
    The campaign and battle losses recorded in the winSPWW2 savegame were
    incorrectly decoded.

* Fix - fixed some crashes and memory corruptions/leaks 
    
# Installation

To install: extract the zip file in a folder of your choice. A new warcab folder will be created there.

**The application is standalone and can simply be run from inside this folder.**

## Release files

This release contains the following files:

| filename | description |
| --- | --- |
| warcab_0.8.2.zip | The release build. |
| releasereport_warcab_0.8.2.zip.html | An abbreviated FileAlyzer report that can be used to verify the warcab_0.8.2.zip file integrity. |
| warcab_0.8.2_debug.zip | The debug build, featuring debug logging and memory management tracking. |
| releasereport_warcab_0.8.2_debug.zip.html | An abbreviated FileAlyzer report that can be used to verify the warcab_0.8.2_debug.zip file integrity. |

# Content

This installation provides the following tools:

## warcab.exe

  Warcab is a tool to record and track battles in SP:WaW and winSPWW2 campaigns, or to record and track turns in standalone battles from scenarios. It is inspired by Campaign Watcher.

  Warcab tracks information for core units (including reassignments) during a campaign. It also shows and tracks information for core, auxiliary and opponent units during battles and battle turns.

  Its current main missing features are data export and printing.

  Demo warcab campaign and standalone dossiers have been included in the "save" folder of this release.

## spwreport.exe

  The spwreport tool generates SP:WaW or winSPWW2 savegame reports.

  It can also generate a CSV dump of the SPWaW OOB file content.

## spwdecompose.exe

  The spwdecompose tool extracts the uncompressed section data of a SPWaW or winSPWW2 savegame, allowing easy inspection and modification.

## spwreconstruct.exe

  The spwreconstruct tool reconstucts a SPWaW or winSPWW2 savegame from a set of uncompressed data sections (as generated by spwdecompose),
